chore: Updated changelog to include XCFramework support (#3403)
aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.22.1

> Added support for XCFramework, please refer the instruction for installation [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios#setup).

Reviewer: Let's put this under the "Misc. Updates" heading. Suggested reword
```suggestion
Binary versions of the AWS Mobile SDK are now distributed as XCFrameworks. Please refer to the [setup instructions](https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios#setup) for guidance on installing XCFrameworks from Carthage or standalone binaries.
```
